README.md, before:

# code-quiz


## Description
[Description](#description)
This is where I use my knowledge in javascript/jQuery to build this Code Quiz game. It is played be answering acouple basic questions. If you take too long the timer runs out and the game is over. You can play mulitple time if you choose.


This game works by answering acouple questions correctly before the time runs out.  Start by clicking the start button, then a timer will start to count down and you will be asked a question. When you answer the question you will be asked another question. Time will be subtracted if you answer the question incorrectly and when all questions are answered or the timer reaches zero the game is over and you will be given a score.


[Credits]
[Collaborators]
[googleLinks]
[Features]
[Repository]
[liveWebsite]


## Credits
* [Credits]



## Study Material

<a>mozilla:<a href="#">https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/visibility
<a>google:<a href="#">https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_span.asp
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">


## Features
This password generator was built with HTML 5, CSS 3 and<a>google:<a href="#"> JavaScript

## Links

[Repository](https://github.com/jmoniz155/password-generator)

[Live Website](https://jmoniz155.github.io/password-generator/)

Commit message:

add links to README.md

README.md, after:

# code-quiz


## Description
[Description](#description)
This is where I use my knowledge in javascript/jQuery to build this Code Quiz game. It is played be answering acouple basic questions. If you take too long the timer runs out and the game is over. You can play mulitple time if you choose.


This game is a small game works by answering acouple questions correctly before the time runs out.  Start by clicking the start button, then a timer will start to count down and you will be asked a question. When you answer the question you will be asked another question. Time will be subtracted if you answer the question incorrectly and when all questions are answered or the timer reaches zero the game is over and you will be given a score.


## Table of Contents
[tableOfContents](#tableOfContents)

[Description]
[googleLinks]
[Features]
[Repository]
[liveWebsite]


## Study Material
[googleLinks](#googleLinks)
<a>mozilla:<a href="#">https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/visibility
<a>google:<a href="#">https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_span.asp
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">
<a>google:<a href="#">


## Features
[Features](#features)
This password generator was built with HTML 5, CSS 3 and JavaScript

## Links
(#Repository)
[Repository](https://github.com/jmoniz155/code-quiz)
(#Live Website)
[Live Website](https://jmoniz155.github.io/code-quiz/)
